### Building Multi-Layer Neural Network from Scratch with Python
I implemented a Multi-Layer Neural Network from Scratch with Python for one of my modules during my Masters. The implemented network was a shallow multi-layer neural network of 1 hidden layer. The network could take any number of inputs, any number of outputs, and any number of hidden units. Learning implemented by backpropagation using batch gradient descent. The network is implemented to be flexible. It can handle regression and classification tasks and utilize different activation functions for hidden and output units depending on the user's choice. In the classification task, the network used a leaky rectified linear unit activation function for hidden layer activation. For output layer activations, it used sigmoid activation functions for binary classification and softmax activation functions for multiclass classification. The network used a log loss cost function to observe training performance for classification. For regression, output wasn't activated, and for the hidden layer, the user was given a choice to select from various activation functions: sigmoid function, hyperbolic tangent function, leaky rectified linear unit function, and binary step function. The network used the square error cost function to observe training performance for regression. Implemented network tested on two classification tasks, which were to predict XOR function, letter recognition and one regression task to approximate a sin function. Test results are available in separate notebooks. [Source of the dataset for letter recognition](http://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/Letter+Recognition)
